Update `TWC 2025` for the Round of 32 stage (#12973)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/TWC/2025/en.md

- Free Mod
  1. [t+pazolite - Chartreuse Green (Raphalge) \[Creature Feature featuring The Creature\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2336500#taiko/5016026)

## Match results

### Qualifiers

The final standings for the Qualifier stage can be found in the following [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZcWWAPOf5U-aSvrYkeOqIOArM1szZczwbhqajQZe-Ro?rm=minimal).\
[View the Qualifier seed reveal VOD here](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2407576662?t=0h4m57s).

> | Seed | Country | rank sum[^qualifiers-seeding] | avg. score[^qualifiers-tiebreaker] | Match link |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Seed | Country | Rank sum[^qualifiers-seeding] | Avg. score[^qualifiers-tiebreaker] | Match link |
```

   - **Do not ask for a reschedule unless it is absolutely necessary. The tournament managers reserve the right to deny any rescheduling request.**
   - Late reschedule requests will not be accepted under any circumstances, unless adequate reasoning is provided.
6. Captains are responsible for their team's availability.

[^qualifiers-seeding]: Used as the main seeding method

> [^qualifiers-tiebreaker]: Used as a tiebreaker when two teams have the same rank sum. For this statistic the Hidden, Hard Rock, and Double Time bracket scores are normalized (but FreeMod is not).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^qualifiers-tiebreaker]: Used as a tiebreaker when two teams have the same rank sum. For this statistic the Hidden, Hard Rock, and Double Time bracket scores are normalised (but Free Mod is not).
```
